raking your lawn is definitely the
toughest hardest part of keeping it
beautifully clean it can be tiring and
back-breaking work raking up leaves
grass clippings and lawn debris seems
like an endless job then at the
time-consuming dumping process just to
make matters even worse unless of course
you have the Agra fab lawn sweeper
attached to your riding lawn tractor it
will make a big difference in your busy
life and here's why since you don't have
to use a back-breaking rake anymore
you'll really love this sweeper it
offers a wide sweep of grass and is
designed to clear all of your lawn
debris and half the time without that
tough back-breaking work the bottom line
is the Agra fab lawn sweeper is made to
do the job much better than a rake to
make lawn care easy and trouble-free
from tool free assembly of your sweeper
to finally putting that rake away for
good inspired by in-depth customer
research this revolutionary device
offers several unique features that make
lawn care easy new features make it so
you can simply measure the length of the
grass straight from the sweeper getting
the exact height settings down before
starting to sweep then the wide brush
already adjusted to your lawn can easily
clean all of your clippings and debris
in one pass you won't have to go over
the same spot again and again or have
the need for tedious sweeper adjustments
that just take a lot of time to adjust
the extra-large steel rod and forced
shape keeping debris bag holds 25 cubic
feet for more sweeping and now equipped
with extra airflow you can fit much more
in the bag so you'll make less stops
dumping the load and when it is time to
dump the one handed easy dump feature
eliminates the need to even get off the
tractor for even more ease of use and
time-saving functionality the unique
offset toe point allows you to move and
sweep at the same time offsetting the
toe for added mobility is as simple as
twisting a knob into place making lawn
care a lot easier the intelligently
designed sweeper hitch keeps the sweeper
level and always at perfect height to
align with your tractor the removable
bag and collapsible design offers both
quick setup times and easy storage
before you know it you'll be an expert
at using your Agrifac sweeper and your
lawn will easily have that professional
manicured look hey that yard isn't going
to clean itself but Agri fab makes lawn
care